Reimar Lüst Hall (RLH) is in the north part of campus and is a administration facility.
Reception is in the west part of campus and is a administration facility.
Receiving is in the west part of campus and is a administration facility.
Research 1 is in the center part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Research 2 is in the center part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Research 3 is in the center part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Research 4 is in the center part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Robotics Lab is in the west part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Ocean Lab is in the center part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Lab 2 is in the south part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Lab 3 is in the west part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
EON Lab is in the center part of campus and is a research & teaching facility.
Campus Center / IRC is in the north part of campus and is a public space facility.
University Club is in the north part of campus and is a public space facility.
The Other Side is in the north part of campus and is a public space facility.
Music Lab, Theater Space, Cinema is in the north part of campus and is a public space facility.
Playing Field is in the southeast part of campus and is a public space facility.
Kids at Jacobs is in the south part of campus and is a public space facility.
Sports & Convention Center (SCC) is in the east part of campus and is a public space facility.
Student Activity Center (SAC) is in the east part of campus and is a public space facility.
Campus Green is in the center part of campus and is a public space facility.
Main Gate is in the west part of campus and is a public space facility.
Krupp College is in the northeast part of campus and is a residence facility.
Mercator College is in the east part of campus and is a residence facility.
College 3 is in the east part of campus and is a residence facility.
Nordmetall College is in the north part of campus and is a residence facility.
West Hall is in the northeast part of campus and is a residence facility.
South Hall is in the northeast part of campus and is a residence facility.
East Hall is in the east part of campus and is a residence facility.